





KAREEM AKEEM AJIBOLA
Plot 2,Egbetoyinbo lane,Fas fas bus stop, Old Ife Road ,Ibadan, Oyo State 
Phone: 08053702775
E-mail: akeemajibola@gmail.com








Objectives
To obtain Fish Scientist position and deliver appropriate instructions by complying with the standard procedure, maintain dynamism and serve assiduously through undiluted passion for excellence and creativity in upholding the organisation's visions, mission and values
Skills
Experienced in analysing the physicochemical properties and other water parameters​
Well skilled in handling and breeding various species of fish (catfish, tilapia and some ornamental fishes) using applied biological techniques. 
Experienced in integrating latest technology into hydrological and Fisheries management
Ability to analytically​ assess the trend of changes in water management and formulate result oriented model
Experienced in the formulations and compounding the fish feeds.
Well skilled in taxonomic classification of different flora and fauna components of aquatic habitat.
Experienced in surveillance, sample collection and analysis of data records in various aquatic habitats
Calm, simple, patient, understanding, positive, disciplined and generous attitude towards all.
Excellent and certified driving skills (EDI) of light vehicle
Team up with others to actualise common goals

Work Experience
Fish Farm Manager
Hakam Fisheries Enterprise, Nigeria.
(September 2015 till date) 
Supervised all activities carried out in the fish farm 
Provided teaching and training to other farm workers in effective and interesting manners and fulfilled students and management expectations.
Breeding and management of catfish, Clarias gariepinus from fries to table-sized stage
Construction and maintenance of 20-tank closed recirculating system
Record keeping and analyses of various farm activities.

Research Assistant 	
Hydrobiology and Fisheries Research Lab., University​ of Ibadan,Ibadan, Nigeria
(March, 2012 to February, 2016)
Analysis of physicochemical properties and other water parameters
Analytically​ assessments​ of the trends of changes in water and management.
Formulations and compounding of different fish feeds with varying percentage proteins and metabolisable energy components​
Taxonomic classification of different flora and fauna components of aquatic habitat.
Utilisation of various animal protein sources to substitute fish meal in fish feeds.

Fish farm Supervisor
Mashopa  Farms, Ibadan, Nigeria.
(January, 2009 - December, 2011)
Provided learning opportunities to all Students based on their potentials
Coordinated and supervised  workers’ activities in the hatchery and production ponds
Constructed and managed different ponds’ sizes
Maintained professional conduct with staff and customers
Upheld the farm management's instructions and policies
       
       Industrial Training Student
Zartech Farms, Ibadan, Nigeria.
(March, 2004 - September, 2004)
Exposure to technological handling and breeding of fish (catfish and tilapias)
Experienced about water quality parameters and management
Learnt about different systems of fish farming 
Trained on tablesize and brooder fish management 
Feed and feeding techniques in fish nutrition were taught.
Educations
Master of Science in Zoology.
M. Sc Hydrobiology and fisheries 
University of Ibadan, Ibadan, Oyo State, 2015.
Bachelor of  Technology in Environmental Biology
B. Tech Environmental Biology
Ladoke Akintola University of Technology, Ogbomoso, Oyo state 2006
            
General Certificate Examination
O’level Certificate
West African Secondary School Certificate (WASSCE) 1999
            




